Add mention of `rlib/setup-renv` in CI article (#1203)
rstudio/renv: vignettes/ci.Rmd

## GitHub Actions

> Using `renv` in a Github actions workflow can be done in two ways: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we describe two common approaches for integrating `renv` with a [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) workflow.
```

> * Using directly the cache mechanism of Github action and running `renv` functions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use GitHub's built-in cache action together with existing `renv` functionality;
```

> * Using an helper action from `r-lib` organization that will do everything for you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the `setup-renv` action maintained by the `r-lib` organization.
```

> ### Using the Github actions cache with renv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the GitHub Actions Cache with renv
```

> To benefit from `renv` value in a Github action, you typically need two steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `renv` in your own custom GitHub action workflow, there are two main requirements:
```

See also the [example][github-actions-renv] on GitHub actions.

> ### Simplify using a extenral helper Github action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using r-lib/actions/setup-renv
```

> `r-lib` organization offers some actions for R users, and among them a [`setup-renv`][r-lib-actions-renv] action. To use this action, just add a `uses` step in your workflow: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `r-lib` organization offers some actions for R users, and among them a [`setup-renv`][r-lib-actions-renv] action is provided for projects using `renv`. To use this action, you can add the following steps to your workflow: 
```

```yaml
steps:
- uses: actions/checkout@v3
- uses: r-lib/actions/setup-r@v2
- uses: r-lib/actions/setup-renv@v2
  with:

>     profile: '"shiny"'

Reviewer: Is this necessary?

Author: No it is an example of the fact you can use profile feature. But let's leave that for the `setup-renv` documentation.

> - uses: r-lib/actions/setup-renv@v2
>   with:
>     profile: '"shiny"'

Author: ```suggestion
- uses: r-lib/actions/setup-renv@v2
```

```

> The `r-lib/actions/setup-renv` will do all that is needed to befenit from `renv` value in a Github action workflow: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using these steps, the following actions will then be performed in your workflow:
```

> * Install `renv` package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `renv` will be installed, via `install.packages("renv")`,
```

> * Setting up the cache 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `renv` will be configured to use the GitHub cache,
```

> * Activate the right `renv` profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If provided via a `with: profile:` key, that `renv` profile will be activated,
```

> * Restore the environment with `renv::restore()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The project will be restored via `renv::restore()`.
```

> Unless you need more control, this actions is all you need for using `renv` with Github action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this, any steps using R will use the active `renv` project by default.
```
